flakes: remove experimental repl-flake (#10299)
NixOS/nix: doc/manual/rl-next/remove-repl-flake.md

---
synopsis: Remove experimental repl-flake
significance: significant
issues: 10103
prs: 10299
---

> This PR removes the repl-flake feature that was adopted to provide a migration path when changing the behavior of `nix repl`. Moving forward this command will behave more like the rest of the modern cli.
> 
> - Removes any repl-flake references.
> - Removes the parts of `applyDefaultInstallables` that are no longer needed in repl.cc.
> - Fix/Add any tests.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The `repl-flake` experimental feature has been removed. The `nix repl` command now works like the rest of the new CLI in that `nix repl {path}` now tries to load a flake at `{path}` (or fails if the `flakes` experimental feature isn't enabled).*
```
